Add winget as Windows installation method for dbt Fusion (#8983)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_fusion-manual-install.md

    Or, close and reopen your Terminal window. This will load the updated environment settings into the new session.

    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="windows-winget" label="Windows (winget)">

    Run the following command in your terminal:

    ```shell
    winget install dbt
    ```

    To use `dbtf` immediately after installation, reload your shell so that the new `Path` is recognized:

    ```powershell
    Start-Process powershell
    ```

>     Or, close and reopen your terminal. This will load the updated environment settings into the new session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can also close and reopen your terminal. This will load the updated environment settings into the new session.
```
